The Morse Code is made up of dots and dashes.
For the richness of morse code is a borrowed richness.
Look at the Morse code chart and, using a torch, try to spell out your name.
He tapped the pencil tip on the paper. Morse code.
The sister already knew Morse code.
Beacons, semaphore, morse code were all in their day rapid methods of sending information.
We only used Morse code to keeo in touch.
RDF literals can be given data types such as "integer", "string", "date", or even "morse code".
KKJBKVUNAAV is any meaning understands Morse code Daren instruction!
Morse code was an early code in telegraphy.
But in fact, SOS is the international Morse code signal rescuers, the acronym is not any word.
Marconi now found that he could transmit Morse Code signals.
The international morse code distress signal, S.O.S.
In 1832 Samuel F. B. Morse made sketches of ideas for a system of electric telegraphy, and in 1835 he developed a code to represent letters and numbers (Morse code).
SOS is the international Morse code signal rescuers, the acronym is not any word.
In Morse code all letters are four or fewer characters long.
1844 - First Morse code message sent, reading "What hath God wrought".
On the radio, a trumpet blast punctuated by Morse code announced a news bulletin.
He was the Einstein of the hound kingdom-able to decipher morse code.
Telegraph came to the village in 1901 and messages were sent by morse code.
By that same candlelight I read a magazine article about the gradual phasing out of the supposedly antiquated system of Morse Code.
McAlister reached for his fork and tapped out a rhythm, a signal, a Morse code.
As humans we can transmit messages to each other by speaking, writing, morse code,(www.Sentencedict.com) semaphore and smoke signals.
He then transmitted the encrypted message with a standard Morse code radio transmitter.
Morse Code program information - This program is designed to help the beginner learn to receive and send the International Morse Code.
An example of this method is to hear the letter K in morse code which is made up of the sounds DAH DIT DAH.
Eleven - year - old Mark Wheeler from California typed out a warning signal using Morse Code.
The Cold War-era technique requires the sending party to record a coded Morse code message on a tape, then shoot it through the air in a millisecond.
Finally after more than a month, a signal was detected coming from the original radio source on Ganymede and incredibly it was in Morse Code.
Telegraphy by Samuel F. B. Morse. Morse invents American Morse Code.